chore: add logictest complete tool (#7085)
datafuselabs/databend: tests/logictest/README.md

1
```

### Acknowledgement

> - *tips* If you do not care about result, use statement ok instead of statement query

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *tips* If you do not care about results, use statement ok instead of statement query
```

- *tips* Add ORDER BY to ensure that the order of returned results is always consistent
- *warning* A statement query need result, and even if you want to skip a case, you still need to keep the results in the test content

## Tools

complete.py can auto complete test file for you, It do as follow steps:

> 1. Get SQLs from source-file, whether an SQL file or logictest file.
> 2. Execute SQL one by one, if SQL fetch result, add statement query; if SQL fetch nothing, add statement ok; if SQL get an error, add statement error

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Get SQLs from source-file, whether an SQL file or logictest file.
2. Execute SQL one by one, if SQL fetches results, add statement query; if SQL fetches nothing, add statement ok; if SQL gets an error, add statement error.
```

### Usage

> - Pre-run, you need start a mysql server or databend server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Pre-run, you need to start a databend server
```

- Use ./complete.py --source-file="xxx.sql" --dest-file="my-gen"  for SQL files(suffix name must be like *.sql)
- Use ./complete.py --source-file="XXX.test" --fest-file="my-gen" for logictest files(suffix name not like *.sql)
- If you want see what SQLs get from source-file, add --show-sql

> - Use command line to specify mysql host, user, port, password, database. Details in ./complete.py -h

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use `./complete.py --source-file="xxx.sql" --dest-file="my-gen"` for SQL files(suffix name must be like *.sql)
- Use `./complete.py --source-file="xxx.test" --fest-file="my-gen"` for logictest files(suffix name must be like *.test)
- If you want to see what SQLs get from source-file, add --show-sql
- Use the command line to specify host, user, port, password, and database. Details in `./complete.py -h`

### Acknowledgement
- *tips* You can use mysql to auto-complete test suite, but make sure you know all grammar differences.
- *tips* For mysql return bool as 1 and 0, this tool make it as int(I) in query type option.

> - *warning* No multi handlers use in auto complete tool(mysql only), if handlers return differs, manual fix it please.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *tips* You can use MySQL syntax to the auto-complete test suite, but make sure you know all grammar differences.
- *tips* MySQL returns bool as 1 and 0, this tool makes it as `int(I)` in query type option.
- *warning* No multi handlers use in the auto-complete tool(MySQL only), if handlers return a difference, manual fix it, please.
